minor fix: fix code syntax error (#32309)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/svelte_typescript/index.md

   To fix it, replace `tabindex="-1"` with `tabindex={-1}`, like this:

   ```svelte

>    <h2 id="list-heading" bind:this="{headingEl}" tabindex={-1}>

Reviewer: Quotes around the `bind:this` variable can also be dropped
```suggestion
   <h2 id="list-heading" bind:this={headingEl} tabindex={-1}>
```

### Understanding TypeScript generics

> Generics allow us to create reusable code components that work with a variety of types instead of a single type. They can be applied to interfaces, classes, and functions. Generic types are passed as parameters using a special syntax: they are specified between angle brackets, and by convention are denoted with an upper-cased single char letter. Generic types allow us to capture the types provided by the user to be used later.

Reviewer: Can be tweaked a tiny bit more:
```suggestion
Generics allow you to create reusable code components that work with a variety of types instead of a single type. They can be applied to interfaces, classes, and functions. Generic types are passed as parameters using a special syntax: they are specified within angle brackets and are conventionally denoted with a single uppercase letter. Generic types allow you to capture the types provided by the user, ensuring they're available for future processing.
```
